
UNITE
 	We’re one big global community, with over 60 nations represented onboard Atlantis for this amazing voyage! Tonight show off the colors of your home country – any way that suits you. We’ll all unite in the spirit of fun, frolic, and friends.  Now if only the rest of the world could figure that out…
 
Empires
 	Step into the grandeur of ancient worlds for a magical night at sea. Channel the opulence of Greece’s gods, the mystique of Egyptian pharaohs, the decadence of Roman emperors, and the bold flair of Ottoman sultans. Whether you're wrapped in golden togas, draped in silks, or dazzling like Cleopatra herself, this is your chance to rule the dancefloor in legendary style. Dress to conquer.

Or be conquered!
 
Greek Isles: Here We Go Again!
 	My my! Slip on your white linen and platform boots—tonight live out your Mamma Mia fantasy under the stars of the Aegean! It’s a mash up of Greek island chic with ABBA disco dreams. Think blue & white anything, dazzling sequins, and a little drama. Whether you're a dancing queen or a Super Trouper, you’ll find your waterloo moment in the Mediterranean moonlight.
 
Lost at Sea
 	As we head deep into uncharted waters, the creatures above and below the water line come together for a night of nautical silliness. Colorful sea creatures meet marauding pirates alongside a few mythical characters. Watch out for the occasional cruise ship passenger or TV sitcom escapee. We’re all lost together so who knows what might happen!
 
Neon Playground
 	Fast, flashy, bright, and silly! We’re turning the Red Room into a musical playground bathed in laser light and filled with bouncy sounds to make you smile. Neon, sparkles, and lights are the way to go, and don’t take yourselves too seriously!
 
Virgin White
 	Let your imagination run wild at Atlantis’ pinnacle party. Sizzle in the moment, dress up or down in one simple color that everyone looks good in. Be as creative as your dreams, as sexy as your desires, as irreverent as your laughs, or keep it simple with your favorite white shorts. All are welcome here for the perfect night under the stars.
 
Dog Tag T-Dance
 	The troops come home for Atlantis’ longest-running signature afternoon party. Show your creative strength at our first big outdoor party inspired by the joys of men in (small) uniforms. We’ll provide souvenir dog tags; you do the rest.
 
Revival!
Classic Disco T-Dance
 	Disco lives on as we take you back to the glory days of the 70s with an afternoon of pure musical magic on the dance floor. Artificial fabrics, excess facial hair, oversized shoes, and other obnoxious accessories welcome!
 
Think Pink T-Dance
 	Pink is in! It’s everywhere and brings out the playful in all of us. From Barbie butch to fluffy fantastic, throw on your favorite interpretation for a hot afternoon of frivolous dolled up fun.
 